comments
"So early sims are coming out and yep, you guessed it, only builds with Momentum and using movement for power are simming at the top.
If history is anything to go by, this trend will be carried to launch and that is not a good thing.
Momentum and its accompanying playstyle needs to be reworked, or the talents associated with it (UBC, initiative, VR) nerfed so that other builds that don’t sacrifice movement sim equal or slightly better. That way the people who love momentum still get to play it but it won’t be mandatory for all other players.
I truly don’t know what the solution for this problem would be, but from early sims, it is only going to get worse."
"I’m failing to understand your logic here. Why builds that don’t sacrifice movement skills that could be used to survive through attacks by quickly repositioning the player should sim better?
It looks like a no brainer to me: if you sacrifice something for something else, that something else should be better than those who don’t sacrifice anything"
You’d think a Demon Hunter of all classes should understand sacrifice.
Go away please
"I love how the Momentum discourse is now coming in waves, devolving into an entropy of increasingly non-sensical discontent and reaction.
I crave acceleration"
I completely agree and it will kill DH in high end content.
Momentum will kill DH in high end content?
"Definitely,
High end raiders do not like animation lock. It’s a good way to get one shot."
Didn’t almost all of the top 10 guilds bring a DH during SL when arguably momentum was even more powerful?
DH was brought for the 5% debuff on bosses not because of dps
And now that will be a vengeance DH
There will always be a best spec to go. In any system no matter what. Just cause it’s not the one you like doesn’t mean it has to change
"With the way the talent trees are built I see no reason why there cannot be multiple builds that are viable. Dev’s just need to tweak some numbers so a few other talents (4 pts worth) can be taken in lieu of Momentum/Initiative/Unbound Chaos and still come out with DPS that is on par.
Ultimately this would be the best solution so those who enjoy can play the build and those that do not can go another route and be competitive. More choice is always good for everyone."
"Why do people get so hung up on Sims. News flash, you’ll never perform at 100% of a sim. You’re not a computer. Play the talent tree you perform the best at against target dummies for different situations.
If smashing two buttons in demonic gives you the best dps and survivability then play that. Quit comparing yourself against the high end raiders. Momentum is designed for them. They can and will know all mechanics for when they need some mobility they hold. Or they learn how to time everything based upon the mechanics.
The same goes for mythic+."
"Why is it when people talk about alternatives to Momentum they always bring up Demonic? Demonic-Momentum is the meta now. The debate is over, those talent trees aren’t coming back! There is now only: Havoc with a 8% aura buff, and Havoc without it. You will be scrutinized for that shortfall."
"momentum in prepatch and next expansion is not that powerfull even for pvp, sadly =("
"Neshama:
even for pvp
You’re weird. In PvP you naturally have Momentum up at almost all times because you’re constantly closing gaps. Rarely do you actually stand still and even if you did you’d have your Momentum rolling."
"Here’s the question- why should Momentum be a net neutral when it actively requires more thought?
Like, I don’t get this. Nobody’s going to care if you’re running Momentum in a weekly 15 or heroic raiding, and there’s every likelihood balancing will be close enough to be just fine in CE raiding presuming you understand every other aspect of the class well."
"It doesn’t require more thought, unless pressing fel rush and not facing damage requires thought… but that’s no different than what every other melee is doing by moving around.
Momentum is not some giga IQ playstyle. It’s extremely simple. Some people enjoy it, some people despise it."
"Clawg:
Momentum is not some giga IQ playstyle. It’s extremely simple. Some people enjoy it, some people despise it.
I never said it was some giga IQ playstyle. It’s more involved gameplay, though."
